so this week I decided to take a whole
new approach on my completion escape so
instead of getting up levels i decided
that i spend pretty much the whole week
doing achievements so I aim to do about
two to three achievements per day but
some of them had high requirements I
have to complete pretty much some
minigames I haven't done in ages one of
the first few mini games I had to do was
a Dominion tower for the desert task I
have to plant a stage for Dominion flag
in a desert which I didn't really have
any idea on how to do it so i spent
about half an hour of researching on how
to get this Dominion tower stage for
flag and it turns out I have to complete
all achievements that can pretty much be
obtained in this whole thing so I was
like okay I'll try it out and it turns
out I'm gonna have to do about three to
four hours worth of Dominion tower in
order to get this stage for flag this
video is pretty much a few clips of two
hours so I can't cut off about 2 hours
worth of clips and kind of put them
together off fighting bosses obviously
some bosses are lot easier than others
and some were extremely long for me to
kill the pests Queen it took me about 10
minutes or so maybe took me a bit longer
than usual because I had no idea what to
do uh-oh I just went into this boss had
nobody to do much research I have
completed the quest but I must have done
about a year and a half ago maybe I
don't know as he's been so long haven't
done it I kind of did you know okay let
me try it out again so i picked up the
colossi sword and i started to find it
and it took me about 10 minutes maybe
even up to 15 minutes or so which wasn't
that bad but thank goodness i was able
to do it and one of the achievements is
to complete Oh special you know all
special fights within it as far as I
know there's about ten fights one of
them is secure like 10 evil chickens
which I did quite easily in one
inventory and another one is to kill two
nomads with just one inventory of food
or one without going back to the bank
really so I kind of decided let okay
I'll try it out in the end it was a lot
harder than I can I expected I think me
because I thought it was
it was because I had recently been told
that no man was so easy to kill you can
easy do in just a few hits and I did a
bit of research and the reason why
people said is so easy is because that
was when evolution of combat came out
you could pretty much cure nomads in
just two hits and obviously they
balanced it out again so I was like
expecting a bit of an easy fight you
know I didn't know they could be
balanced it if I didn't ever be as hard
as it was before I died just once
because I ran out of food because I
wasn't using a pack yak and then I
decided okay like a pancake would be
great for me because I was so close to
killing the second one but all I needed
was like five or six more foods and
would have done great so I said okay I
bring a pack yak just to be safe and I
was pretty good you know on the second
try but the first try took me about 10
to 15 minutes or so and then the second
one took me about 10 to 15 minutes to
kill it the second time was a lot easier
for some weird reason it must have take
me less hits I bought her potions and
prayer in yours I was just expecting
like an easy fires I didn't really
prepare that well for it but eventually
i cured it and that was like a great
thing for me so must have spent like
maybe an hour just doing two special
fights and there's about eight or nine
more which is kind of sad and these are
not the hardest ones these are one of
the the evil chicken was one of the
easiest ones and this one was about
third down the list and I think that as
you get down the list does get a lot
harder which is kind of a shame really
but i will start doing more today and
hopefully by the end of the week i would
have completed didn't everything but as
far as a gnome about three hours away or
completing everything in a dominant hour
which is quite good i was actually quite
scared because in case of you are
knowledgeable of the Dominion tower I
thought you had to reach 250 in clymer
mode because I went on YouTube working
for guides on dominant hour and one of
the guides was how to reach 250 climber
mode and they said it took my four hours
to do just that one thing and I was like
wow that's not take me forever so I did
be a research turns out I don't have to
do that which is quite good
but there is obviously quite a few other
achievements that have to complete which
I will do later on in the week and not
only did i do the Dominion tell this
week are also spend a bit of time doing
fishing I am now sixty-seven percent on
the way to 95 fishing and I'm also so
close to 98 hunting I'm just 200,000
experience away which with my double
experience is about 30 minutes which is
crazy so I could easily get that in the
next 30 minutes but I'm going to wait
for now I really want to get two levels
at once because recently i've just been
getting up my fishing and my hunting
just with divine locations which is
quite impressive at the same time but
also quite slow I'm focusing on doing my
series at the moment so I'm doing my
flipping series I'm currently working on
my 1 billion loot tab from just from
bossing and quite a few things like that
also I just want to talk about real
quick I know that this is a complicated
EO not a five-to-one bill flipping video
but there was tons and tons of people
asking me in my flipping video please
Nev it just do 50 million start off with
50 million and work your way up to 1
billion if you guys want this post it in
down below and not a thumbs up this
video if you want their you want me
pretty much the start of with 50 million
now I might just push it to a side and
just talk with 50 million if you guys
want that just posted below say like
nabbit I want 50 million staying off
with 50 million and work your way up to
1 billion even want it just post below I
would definitely do it I'm flexible you
know the more money i have the more
money i can make so if you guys want
that just say so below and i'll make
sure to do it because honestly is a lot
easier for me also so whatever you guys
want to do just post below and also do
that so i hope you guys enjoyed this
little video and i hope to see you guys
later on today with my next runescape
video and I'll see you guys very soon
peace out